docs-5476 Update /javascript/clerk/sign-in and /javascript/clerk-sign-up (#764)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/javascript/clerk/sign-in.mdx

---
title: JavaScript <SignIn />
description: This JavaScript reference describes the properties and methods related to Clerk's <SignIn /> component.
---

# JavaScript `<SignIn />`

<Callout type="warning">

>   This JavaScript reference describes the properties and methods related to Clerk's `<SignIn />` component. If you are looking for the React component, see the [`<SignIn />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-in) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This reference describes the properties and methods related to using Clerk's `<SignIn />` component in JavaScript. To use it with frameworks such as Next.js or Expo, see [the React component reference](/docs/components/authentication/sign-in).

```

It's a really tricky needle to thread with trying to help people understand whether or not they should be on this page. My suggestion is more explicit in describing potential use cases to help the reader understand where they should be a little more easily I think. And we know [based on data](https://clerkinc.slack.com/archives/C06A9NUVC6L/p1708610328789879?thread_ts=1708605388.110319&cid=C06A9NUVC6L) that Next, React and Expo are the top 3 choices for our users

Author: okay good idea! and I updated it to say "the component reference" instead of "React component reference" because it doesn't live in the React reference docs - it lives in the component reference docs.
